Hello English learners, welcome back to EnglishPod, my name is Marco.
And I'm Erica.
And today we're going to bring you a great lesson about calling the office.
Yeah, that's right.
So in this lesson, we're going to teach you some great words that you can use when you
need to call your office to solve a problem.
Right.
So you are at home, you have a problem, maybe you can't go to the office.
So you have to call them and tell them that you're not going to be able to go.
Yes.
Right.
So we're not going to preview anything today because the dialogue is relatively easy.
So let's listen to the dialogue for the first time and then we'll come back and look
at some words.
Hello hey, Daniel, that you can say, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I'm a,
I hate Louie J, I'm here, I may.
Actually, I'm, early today.
I love to say it.
I'm already say it.
I'm questioning it.
MUSIC
Early.
Unirate, O's Nay, and I'm eating fay lightly, say, you're a shfay.
I say, O's say, or yay, all in K and X say.
S-y-a. I us way open, hey, U-t-a take off,
hey, E-Koo-ri-ray.
Okay, N-A, I tray, N-et-gay, I'm saying, S-t-ray.
All right, so a pretty easy dialogue, right?
Pretty simple. All right, so there are a couple of words that we want to look at,
so let's start with language takeaway.
Language takeaway. All right, well, today we're looking at three interesting words.
The first one is U-flay, U-flay, U-flay, U-flay.
Marco, what is the U-flay?
All right, so when you have the U-flay, it means that you are sick, you have
it's very similar to a cold. Right, but just worse, right?
Worst, yeah, so when you have the U-flay, it'll keep you in bed for a while,
for maybe a week or two. So you have a fever, your body is hurting.
Yeah, yeah, you're just, you're really sick.
Yeah, you're really sick. Okay, so U-flay.
All right, well, what about our next word?
Well, actually, the next word is phrase that you can use when you're calling the office,
I'll in K in X-a. All in K in X-a.
All in K in X-a. Okay, this is a really useful phrase,
and I think it would help us to hear some examples of what it sounds like, so we can understand the meaning.
Example one.
Or if I people pay all K in X-a, U-flay.
Example two.
If U-a, all K in X-a, on one or May, I'm Tay, or yay, Iard Fay.
Example three.
I'm out in the Ealing Fay all the way.
Oh, say, I'm all in K in X-a.
So with this phrase, you're basically saying that you are not going to the office.
Exactly.
So let's take a look at our last word for language takeaway.
E-cover, Ray.
Okay, so it's a pretty simple word. E-cover, Ray means to get better,
to start feeling healthy again.
Okay, so kind of to recharge your batteries.
Exactly, so this is a great verb to use when you want to say,
I'm going to feel better.
Okay, E-cover, Ray.
So some really great words, some really interesting phrases.
So let's listen to this dialogue again, and then we'll come back.
Hello, hey, and you're the Eaking Spay.
How hey, M-A-I-L-P-E-A.
I hate you, E-R-D.
E-R-E-R-H.
I hate U-I-J.
How are U-I-A?
Actually, I'm E-Link Fay, I quite eluted, day.
I'm already say U-T-E-R-H-A, at the.
I was hungry.
I think I'm, I mean, K on day is to put to luve.
I am a headache, or say, hot day, honey rain, rosemary, and I'm eating fay lightly, say,
you're a shfay. I say, or yay, all in K&X, say, I, as way, open, hey,
take a take off, take a query ray. Okay, and I, I, tray, and at gay, I'm saying, a stray.
All right, Michael, have you ever found yourself in a situation like this?
Well, yeah, a couple of times that I haven't been able to really make it to the office,
and I've had to call. So yeah, I would have to call and tell them that I'm not going to make it,
or maybe then I'm going to be a little bit late.
All right, well, um, yet happens to all of us, and you now, you guys have all of this useful language.
Next time you face this problem. Exactly. So, if you have any questions or comments,
be sure to visit our website EnglishPod.com.
Marco and I are there to respond to your questions and comments.
Um, as well, there are also lots of other great lessons for you to check out on the website.
Exactly. So, be sure to check out some of our first lessons. I'm sure you find them useful as well.
Yes. Okay. Well, thanks for listening everyone, and until next time. Bye.
Bye.
Thank you.